README.md, before:

# Galaxy builder

## What will this project do:
My project will provide a sort of sandbox environment to users in
which they can build and save their own galaxy. In a galaxy the 
user will be able to add elements such as:
- Solar systems
  - with various central bodies *e.g. Star, Black Hole, Binary system*
  - Can specify details about the central bodies
- Planets
  - Specify type, orbit size, moons

Based on the details for each element chosen by the user, simple
physics calculations will complete resulting details such as 
mass or luminosity for example.
Depending on various conditions, the project will account for
consequences. For example, if two planets have the same orbit, they will
collide and form one new planet.
This project will also provide fun facts about elements added
as they are used and accessed.


## Who will use it:
This project is designed to be used by anyone curious about the
components that make up a galaxy, as well as anyone who wants to
learn some basic info about astronomy.

## Why is this of interest to me:
I chose to do a project based around astronomy as I am completing my
undergraduate degree in Physics and Astronomy and plan to pursue a
career in this field. By choosing a project in this field I will
stay interested and motivated and will get to apply some of what I
have learned in my studies.


## User stories:
- As a user, I want to be able to add solar systems to my galaxy.
- As a user, I want to be able to choose the type of central body in 
a solar system.
- As a user, I want to be able to add planets to a solar system
- As a user, I want to be able to remove planets from a solar system

Commit message:

fixed remove planet bug, implemented supernova function

README.md, after:

# Galaxy builder

## What will this project do:
My project will provide a sort of sandbox environment to users in
which they can build and save their own galaxy. In a galaxy the 
user will be able to add elements such as:
- Solar systems
  - with various central bodies *e.g. Star, Black Hole, Binary system*
  - Can specify details about the central bodies
- Planets
  - Specify type, orbit size, moons

Based on the details for each element chosen by the user, simple
physics calculations will complete resulting details such as 
mass or luminosity for example.
Depending on various conditions, the project will account for
consequences. For example, if two planets have the same orbit, they will
collide and form one new planet.
This project will also provide fun facts about elements added
as they are used and accessed.


## Who will use it:
This project is designed to be used by anyone curious about the
components that make up a galaxy, as well as anyone who wants to
learn some basic info about astronomy.

## Why is this of interest to me:
I chose to do a project based around astronomy as I am completing my
undergraduate degree in Physics and Astronomy and plan to pursue a
career in this field. By choosing a project in this field I will
stay interested and motivated and will get to apply some of what I
have learned in my studies.


## User stories:
- As a user, I want to be able to add solar systems to my galaxy.
- As a user, I want to be able to choose the type of central body in 
a solar system.
- As a user, I want to be able to add multiple planets to a solar system
- As a user, I want to be able to remove planets from a solar system
- As a user, I want to be able to make a star go supernova
- As a user, I want to be able to see my solar systems
